I am sorry to bug your privacy. My name is Mrs. Mandy Kues-Sales, I am the wife to late John Sales who happens to be a government contractor, trader and a politician in Australia before his death. My husband was divisional treasurer of trade and contractors of the Australian Congress in South Australia. He was brutally murdered by opposing members of his party for his straightforwardness and accountability though the government claimed that it was a robbery attack but everybody knows it was assassination by some people in government, they killed him because he was an opposition to their corruption. I was lucky to stand this gruesome murder on the night of Saturday, 15th September 2015 but they still stabbed me on my abdomen but I was lucky to escape. I was rushed to the hospital by some neighbors and eventually the same assassin still came to the hospital in Queensland, Australia just to take my life but eventually they missed their access to my ward. So I had to instruct our
  account manager to transfer our 

I write you to seek your assistance in the securing the US$5.5 Million Deposited by me with a SOUTH AFRICAN RESERVE BANK before I sought refuge/asylum here. The South African reserve bank will allow you go on their online banking to transfer the funds. I am the only one with direct access and information of this deposit. I decided to seek help knowing that my days are numbered having received a call from the Reserve bank that they will turn the deposit to its government treasury if I fail to present a representative for the claim because I cannot claim the funds myself since I sought asylum here. I seek your assistance to be made the Administrator to this inheritance since I have no relative or children. I intend to introduce you to the director of the bank whom I deem very competent to guide you through this claim process. Please get back to me for more information on this inheritance. I was led by the Almighty to send this mail to you after serious thought, I checked my lat
 e husband’s full diary and addres
Yours Faithfully
MRS.MANDY KUES-SALES.
