

-- 
Please carefully read.

Sorry for the inconveniences it might occur to you, maybe if
youغre not interested in this my proposal I will be
offering to you now, and again also I will be very sorry if
my English writings do not meet your expectationغs,
please try to understands my country is officially a French
speaking country, but I have to use English language for
writing you in the way I can, because itغs the world
general business language which can simply understand in
anywhere in the world, well I am the son of the former
president of Cote D'Ivoire (ivory coast) in west Africa Mr.
Laurent Gbagbo.

I have acquired a lot of most valuable treasure from my
father when he was in power, such as many raw gold bars and
a total cash sum of 48 million united state
dollars deposited in a security volt here in my country but
it was declared as family treasure to the security volt,
which no one knows even my family members except my father
and me, but I have to relocate the gold bars and the whole
of the amount of  the money to outside Africa for
security purposes, for now I believed it is no longer safe
in Africa continent.

So I am looking for very trustworthy person or partner from
one of this countries, European countries, USA, Canada, Asia
countries, Australia, japan and New Zealand, who will help
me for relocating the gold bars and the fund to their
country and after some time I will relocate to his or her
country for business partnership in any of the lucrative
business you may know well.

So please do get back to me as soon as possible and to
indicate your interest on this very transaction, so that I
will send you more information details about this very
transaction before we can move further so kindly get back to
me as soon as possible indicating your wiliness to help me
by telling me more about you and your company or
organization your handling for now.

Please take note:
You should contact me if you can accept the procedures.
You have to state you will accept the procedures.
If you donغt abide, I will just send your message to
trash box. I donغt have time to respond to tens of joker
brokers and time wasters. I only respond to a real serious
partnerغs and mandates.

Have a very nice day.

Yours sincerely,

Michel Gbagbo
